1. Complete about/acknowledgements.- DONE.  
2. Update credits about/license.md - DONE. 
3. Update editions in index.md when the online version of Python book becomes available. - PUT A PLACEHOLDER FOR THE LINK 
4. Update authors in index.md - DONE
5. Update wiredcommunication.md so that Exercise 1 becomes a main task, and instructions are given for it. 
6. Update all chapters so that there is a link for solutions.
7. Broadcast: Add SendNumberOrString.py to the repository under the code folder
8. Group Communication: Implement Exercise using IETF RFC 3927 using link-local address selection. Group leaders set-up address, and invite others.
Assumption: Common group for organisation. 
Basic algorithm: 
. Select a random address addr between 1 and 255
. Pick a random 0 - PROBE_WAIT seconds.
. For   PROBE_NUM times
    . Ask if addr is taken
    . Wait randomly between PROBE_MIN and PROBE_MAX
    . If receives a response or receives another probe for the same address, back off. Start from step 1.
. If nothing is received during this time, then claim address.
9. ShakeyDonkey: Try to debug timing problems better.
10. Unicast - both codes do not check if the receiver is the intended receiver. Need to be fixed. 
11. Two way unicast: Codes need to be fixed so intended receiver checks are done. Sender code can be improved for the radio.receive part. Merge all Ping_Receiver and Ping_sender code for a single program that can do the full Ping proram (send pings, respond to pings, calculate RTT) - DONE
12. Two way unicast: Improve the program for Exercise 1 so that it starts with counter 10, on button press: count down, do ping, measure RTT, update statistics, if reached 0, display average, reset counter to 10. This way, it is possible to avoid too many while loops. This code also needs to do the Pong bit, and check senders as in comment 11. - SHOULD BE DONE
13. Rock paper scissors: improve code so that it makes use 0, 1, 2 as rock paper scissors, otherwise just send in text.
14. Retransmissions: change code so that it uses simpler way to calculate things.  
15. Acknowledgements: Test results look suspicious for duplicates, the IF condition for unique was in the wrong place. ACKs should be dropped with sendWithError function. Ack timeouts can be done better, the device can receive an interrupt when sleeping.- SHOULD BE DONE
16. Battleship game implementations need to be simplified 
17. Add a referance to where the solutions can be found at the end of each md file
18. Look at the new games and decide whether they are in a single chapter or not titled as "New Games"
19. Depending on the decision for 18, update the index.md to link to the new chapters. 
